to South America now where Chileans have
been gathering in their thousands in the
capital Santiago to raise money for
Palestinians Under Siege in Gaza our
Latin America editor LCA Newman has
more what you see here is part of the
largest Palestinian Community outside of
the Middle East this is Chile and here
there are thousands of people gathered
people with and without Palestinian
roots to show their solidarity with the
people of Gaza particularly and the
occupied West Bank they are also calling
for Independence for a ceasefire and for
peace in that part of the world violence
can't be justified for any end or by
anyone but in this case it's important
to support our people I may not have
been born in Palestine but my roots are
there this is at least the third such
demonstration of solidarity in Chile
Where the Palestinian Community is very
influential but it's not just
Palestinians or descendants of
Palestinian Ians who are
here we have Lebanese relatives and my
heart is with the
Palestinians I think it's fair to say
that the Chilean population in general
is horrified at what is happening in
Gaza and also at what happened to
Israelis after Hamas attacked a few
weeks
ago the generations that will survive
this will grow up with hatred this
massacre has to end it has to end the
artists here are donating their time for
this fundraiser and the proceeds of all
this will go to help the hospitals or
what's left of them in Gaza and in the
occupied territories Luc alaz Santiago
Chile